fix: :bug: fix repeating session start when appending events via serv… (#10865)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/10865.bugfix.md

> Fixed a bug where the `POST /conversations/testid/tracker/events` endpoint repeated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug where the `POST /conversations/<conversation_id>/tracker/events` endpoint repeated
```

Author: will add this with the release PR 🤞🏻
